DATA = {
        "ABACUS": "A simple, ancient tool for arithmetic that uses rows of beads on rods or wires. It’s used for addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division, popular in ancient cultures for manual calculations.",
        "PASCALINE": "A mechanical calculator invented by Blaise Pascal in the 1600s, designed to perform addition and subtraction. It works by turning gears, with each gear corresponding to a digit on the device’s display.",
        "NAPIER'S BONES": "A set of rods invented by John Napier in the 1600s to simplify multiplication and division. Each rod is marked with numbers that can be arranged to calculate products more easily.",
        "LEIBNIZ WHEEL": "A calculating machine invented by Gottfried Leibniz, capable of performing multiplication, division, and addition. It used a stepped drum to perform calculations automatically, a significant advancement in mechanical computation.",
        "TABULATING MACHINE": "An early data-processing device, developed by Herman Hollerith. It used punched cards to read and sort data, especially useful for statistical analysis, such as in the US census of 1890.",
        "ANALYTICAL ENGINE": "A proposed mechanical general-purpose computer by Charles Babbage in the 1830s, designed to perform any mathematical calculation. It featured an arithmetic logic unit, control flow, and memory, a precursor to modern computers.",
        "MARK 1": "An early electromechanical computer developed by IBM and Harvard University in the 1940s. It was used for scientific calculations and was the first programmable computer, using punched tape for instructions.",
        "FIRST GENERATION COMPUTERS": " The first computers, built from vacuum tubes, were large, slow, and generated a lot of heat. They used binary code and were often used for scientific, engineering, and military calculations.",
        "SECOND GENERATION COMPUTERS": "These are the computers used transistors instead of vacuum tubes, making them smaller, faster, and more reliable. They were widely used for business applications, including accounting and payroll systems.",
        "THIRD GENERATION COMPUTERS": "These are the computers used transistors instead of vacuum tubes, making them smaller, faster, and more reliable. They were widely used for business applications, including accounting and payroll systems.",
        "FOURTH GENERATION COMPUTERS": "Computers that utilized microprocessors, making them compact, powerful, and affordable. They led to personal computers, with advanced graphical user interfaces (GUIs) and widespread use in homes and businesses worldwide.",
        "FIFTH GENERATION COMPUTERS": "These future-oriented computers focus on artificial intelligence and advanced computing, including natural language processing, robotics, and problem-solving systems. They aim to understand human intelligence and automate complex tasks.",
        "DIGITAL COMPUTERS": "A type of computer that uses binary (0s and 1s) to process data. Digital computers perform calculations by converting data into discrete signals, which are then processed, stored, and transmitted for various applications.",
        "ANALOG COMPUTERS": "Unlike digital computers, analog computers work with continuous data and can measure and simulate physical systems. They are often used in scientific, engineering, and real-time processing tasks such as weather forecasting.", 
        "HYBRID COMPUTERS": "Hybrid computers combine the best of both digital and analog systems. They are used in situations requiring real-time data processing (analog) and precise control or decision-making (digital), such as medical monitoring systems.", 
        "SUPER COMPUTERS": "Extremely powerful computers designed to solve complex scientific, engineering, and mathematical problems. Supercomputers excel at simulations, weather modeling, cryptography, and research in areas like physics, biology, and climate science.", 
        "MAINFRAME COMPUTERS": "Large, powerful computers used by large organizations to handle vast amounts of data processing. Mainframes are designed for reliability, speed, and security, often running multiple applications simultaneously in business and government sectors.", 
        "MICRO COMPUTERS": "Small, affordable computers for personal use, powered by microprocessors. They are designed for general computing tasks like word processing, internet browsing, and media creation, and typically include a monitor, keyboard, and storage.", 
        "MINI COMPUTERS": "Smaller than mainframes but more powerful than microcomputers. Mini computers were popular in the 1960s to 1980s for businesses needing efficient data processing but not requiring the size or expense of mainframes.",                     
        "PERSONAL COMPUTERS": "Compact, affordable computers designed for individual use. Personal computers include desktops, laptops, and tablets, and they support a wide range of applications like browsing, gaming, office work, and media consumption.", 
        "WORKSTATIONS": "High-performance computers designed for professional and technical tasks. Workstations are used in fields like computer-aided design (CAD), 3D rendering, scientific simulations, and video editing, offering powerful processors and specialized graphics.",
        "EMBEDDED SYSTEMS": "Special-purpose computing devices embedded in other products, like cars, appliances, or medical devices. Embedded systems perform dedicated tasks like controlling a microwave’s cooking time or monitoring a heart rate sensor.",
        "MOBILE DEVICES": "Portable, handheld computers like smartphones, tablets, and smartwatches. These devices integrate computing power with wireless communication, allowing users to browse the internet, play games, and use apps on the go.",               
        "PERIPHERAL DEVICES": "External devices connected to a computer, such as printers, scanners, keyboards, and mice. They expand the computer’s functionality, allowing users to input data, output information, or store data externally.",
        "RAM": "Random Access Memory (RAM) is temporary storage in a computer, used to store data that’s actively being processed. RAM speeds up the computer’s performance by allowing quick access to frequently used programs and data.",
        "HARD DISK": "A storage device used for saving large amounts of data permanently, even when the computer is turned off. Hard disks use spinning magnetic disks to read and write data, providing significant capacity for long-term storage.",
        "SYSTEM SOFTWARE": "Software that manages and controls computer hardware and other software. Examples include operating systems (e.g., Windows, macOS) and utilities that allow the computer to run programs and manage system resources efficiently.",
        "APPLICATION SOFTWARE": "Programs designed to perform specific tasks for users, such as word processing, graphic design, and video editing. Examples include Microsoft Word, Adobe Photoshop, and web browsers like Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox.",
        "HACKER": "A person skilled in computer programming who explores systems to discover vulnerabilities. Hackers may have good intentions, like improving security, or bad intentions, such as breaching systems for theft or harm.", 
        "CRACKER": "A person who illegally breaks into systems or software to steal, damage, or misuse data. Unlike hackers, crackers often act maliciously, bypassing security measures to gain unauthorized access or disrupt operations."
                         
}

a = input("State the definition of:https://github.com/Tersomarkjohnpaul/Dictionary-.git ") 
print(DATA[ a ]) 

